Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-assignment-3-fraud-techniques
<br>
Today, there are many industries that remain vulnerable to electronic fraud. For this assignment, you will need to research the Internet for organizations that remain vulnerable and the hacking or fraud techniques they have encountered in the recent years.

Write a 3-4 page paper in which you:Identify and describe at least two forms of fraud techniques from your research. Include the identity of the government agencies that provide awareness for these types of fraud techniques.Justify the threat cyber terrorism poses to society. Provide examples to support your justification.Prioritize steps that should be completed in order to preserve evidence so that it may be used in court cases for trials against computer fraud offenders.Defend or oppose the legal processes of civil law used to resolve cases against computer crimes offenders. Justify your decision.Use at least four (4) quality resources in this assignment. Note: Wikipedia and similar Websites do not qualify as quality resources.Your assignment must follow these formatting requirements:Be typed, double spaced, using Times New Roman font (size 12), with one-inch margins on all sides; citations and references must follow APA or school-specific format. Check with your professor for any additional instructions.Include a cover page containing the title of the assignment, the student’s name, the professor’s name, the course title, and the date. The cover page and the reference page are not included in the required assignment page length.The specific course learning outcomes associated with this assignment are:Explain the techniques of computer criminals and hackers.Describe organized crime and cyber terrorism crime.Categorize the civil matters related to computer crime.Use technology and information resources to research issues in the investigation of computer crime.Write clearly and concisely about computer crime investigation topics using proper writing mechanics and technical style conventions.Click here to view the grading rubric.